There are certain things a high value
woman never never does for a man. Not
because she's cold, not because she
doesn't care, simply because she knows
her worth. But before we get into it, I
want to let you quickly know that I am
hosting a free life webinar where I
teach you the complete system on how to
become the woman men naturally want to
invest in, commit to, and of course
provide for. The link to sign up for it
is in my description below. The spots
are limited and they are going fast. So,
quickly go down there and register
before we get into this video. Now,
let's get into it. First of all, I know
some of you will be watching the video
and then thinking, "Okay, but Michaela,
that sounds so cold. That sounds so
manipulative. I don't want to play
games." But I want to be very clear with
you. It's none of that. This is not
about playing games. This is not about
being cold. This is not about being
manipulative. This is about
understanding men and understanding
yourself. So you have selfrespect.
Sometimes we as women are so unused to
respecting ourselves and standing up for
ourselves that it almost feels like we
are being cold or manipulative or
playing games when actually this should
be our normal state. You have to
understand that every single thing on
this list that a high value woman is
refusing to do, if you do it, you're
actually communicating to especially
men, I do not value myself. And of
course, a man or a person that sees you
don't value yourself will not value you
either. So, let's start with number one.
Never ever chase a man. A man who wants
will find a way and a man who doesn't
want will find an excuse always. Okay?
You have to have this rule in your mind
because so many times you are chasing a
man without even knowing you're chasing
him. If you're double texting, if you
are overly being available, if you are
immediately replying to him, if you are
showing up somewhere uninvited, that's
chasing a man. Okay? And we do not want
to do that. If you're chasing a man,
you're saying, "Hey, I'm not worth to be
chased, and I prefer to sacrifice my
feminine role just in order to keep you
in my life." That's a no. No. Okay? You
have to stop chasing completely. It's
not so much that you're chasing a man,
you're chasing his attention. And when
you do that, you lower your perceived
value. So to know exactly what not to do
in a practical way, never double text.
Never ever. If he does not reply to your
text, let's say you said okay or you
said was a great night. This was your
last text. You are not double texting.
you wait until he sends you a message
again. Number two, don't text first
repeatedly. If you do it once, okay, but
not all the time. The same way as you do
not want to double text him, you also
want to wait until he comes himself
forward to talk to you. A man that is
not talking to you is choosing to not
talk to you. He chooses to look at his
phone multiple times a day and not send
you a message for whatever his reason
is. Accept the fact that he is not
sending you a message and just let it
go. Know that if he wants to, he would.
As a high value woman, you understand
that you let a man pursue you only when
he is interested enough. You are not
asking him to pursue you. You're not
teaching him to pursue you. You're not
showing him exactly how you want to be
pursued. You need to let him do his own
thing. Let him reveal his character. And
from that position, you just watch. You
observe what is he doing. Is he reaching
out? Is he pursuing and chasing the way
you want to be pursued or not? And if
not, your only task is to accept that
and let him go. The next point in the
list, never ever cancel your plans or
priorities for a man. Yes, you have
heard right. I keep talking about never
inconveniencing yourself for a man
because this is so important. If you're
inconveniencing yourself for a man, you
make it easier for him. And actually,
you are repelling him. A man doesn't
want to have it easy. First of all, a
man likes the challenge. He wants to
come forward. you. He wants to feel like
there is some friction. He wants to
pursue you. He wants to put in the
effort. But of course, if you make it
too easy, he's not going to on purpose
make it more difficult for him. No, you
as the high value woman understand that
a man wants the challenge. A man wants
the pursue. What I mean by that is let's
say you have planned a girl's night and
suddenly this man comes sending you a
message calls you and he says hey I have
seen there is the movie premiere of the
devil verse Prada 2 do you want to watch
it with me tonight. The correct response
here is not to tell him yes of course I
have planned to be with my girls but I
can change it. No, no, no. Your response
has to be, "Oh, this is so sweet that
you thought of me, but I have already
plans." You don't even need to tell him
what you do. You just say, "You have
already plans." Okay? And then he knows,
"Oh, I cannot come first of all last
minute." And second of all, she's
prioritizing herself. She's prioritizing
her appointments. She's prioritizing her
life. I need to plan in advance to
actually get the opportunity to see her.
This is not about last minute. Even if
he calls you and he says, "Next week on
Monday, let's go for dinner." But next
week on Monday, you actually have
already something planned. Then you're
not canceling your plans to go to dinner
with him. Why? Because even if he
doesn't know about your plans
unconsciously, deep down you're telling
yourself your own plans are not as
valuable as the plans with him. Or maybe
you're thinking, "Oh, it's better to go
for dinner with him because then I don't
have to pay for dinner, girl." Are you
really telling yourself that you cannot
make the money? that you are not
benefiting from spending your own money
and you prefer to cancel yourself just
to be with a man. No, this is not what a
high value woman does. Now, another
example. Let's say you're always going
to bed at 11 p.m. Okay. Now, this man
asks you to do something
at 10:00 p.m. or 9:00 p.m. And you know,
this is going to be too tight to your
bedtime because you need to do skin
care. You have your other routines. You
want to wind down in the evening. You
are not going to just say yes because
you want to see him so badly. No, you
have to say, "I would love to see you,
but 9:00 p.m. is too late for me. Let me
know another day when we can do it
earlier." Or let's say you're already in
a relationship, maybe you're married,
and while being in that relationship,
while being married, you completely
forget about your priorities because you
put him first. You're always thinking
about what does he need. You're always
thinking, "Oh, I would prefer to sit
with him on the sofa watching TV instead
of doing my skincare routine now. Oh, I
would prefer to cuddle in bed in the
morning instead of waking up as usual
and going to the gym." You do not drop
anything for a man unless it's something
really special. It's something that
cannot be done at another time. let's
say the formula one or something that
just cannot be done on another day and
it's being planned and properly
communicated from that man then that's
the only only exemption you can make.
Apart from that never drop anything for
a man. Okay. Now number three, my
absolute favorite because pretty much
every man is doing that to test the
waters, to test how far can he go, how
much are you willing to accept and how
much reaction will you give him. Never
wait around for lastm minute
confirmations. Let's say it's the
weekend and this man is asking you out
to go on a date for dinner on Tuesday or
Wednesday evening. Now Monday comes, you
haven't heard from him. You're not
sitting around waiting for him to
confirm your date. No. If it was not
100% confirmed from the very beginning
the time, the date, the place, and how
you get there, it's not a confirmation.
And if he's not texting you minimum 24
hours before, it's not confirmed. And
when something is not confirmed, you
make other plans immediately. You're not
sitting. You're not waiting. You're not
getting ready and then waiting looking
at your phone and thinking, "Is he going
to pick me up? Are we meeting there?"
Worst case, waiting there for him. Send
him a message asking, "Are we still on
for tomorrow? Are we still on for
today?" It's not your task. You let him
lead. If he's not leading, you're
planning something else. So, in that
case scenario, let's say Tuesday
morning, you still haven't heard
anything from him. Tuesday evening you
were supposed to go for a date, you call
your girls and you make an appointment
with someone and make it at the same
time you were supposed to meet that man.
Now, if it happens that he calls you one
or two hours before, you are telling
him, "Sorry, I didn't hear from you
yesterday. You didn't confirm me, so I
just made other plans." That's it. This
gives him a clear sign that your time is
valuable, that you need confirmation,
and that you're serious with things,
that he cannot just play around and drop
in last minute how it fits to him in his
schedule. And with knowing that you will
see, he will step up the next time
because if he really wants to see you,
he will not risk it again to miss the
date with you. Number four, never change
anything about yourself just to please
him. If he says he doesn't like red
lipstick, but you like it, who cares?
You keep putting on that red lipstick.
If he says he prefers blonde girls,
okay, amazing. I like blonde girls, too.
That doesn't mean that I'm going to
change my hair to blonde now. No, you do
not change anything about yourself. Not
about your character. Not about the way
how you are, not about how you dress,
not about how you look, if you put
makeup, how much makeup you put,
whatever he says his preferences are
should go in here and go out here. It's
none of your business whatever he likes.
If he is talking to you, obviously he
likes you. Okay? Now, if he says he
would like you to change something, 99%
of the time he actually is testing your
emotional reaction. How secure are you
in yourself? How much of an impact does
his opinion has in your life and on your
mood? And if it's a really bad man that
just wants to see you suffering, then he
will do that to lower your self-esteem,
your self-confidence, and you do not
want to be with such a man. Anyways,
number six, never overexlain or justify
your boundaries. I am so guilty of this
because I was always thinking I need to
explain why do I have this boundary? Why
do I not like last minute dates? I need
to say, hey, I don't want to have last
minute dates because I'm so busy. I want
to plan blah blah blah blah blah. The
more you explain, the more ground to
argue you give on and also the weaker
your point gets. A high value woman
always states boundaries and standards
very clearly. I don't do lastm minute
dates. Dot. That's it. Nothing else
added. I don't like to be holding hands
in public. I don't like when you make
jokes about X, Y, and C. That's it. No
because, no explanation, nothing. You
speak it out immediately. you put him
into place without giving even a reason.
Number seven, of course, a high value
woman never ever rushes intimacy without
commitment. Okay? Now, you probably have
heard that men get attached before
intimacy and women get attached after
intimacy. That's why also men if they
get intimacy too quickly, they are not
attached. And then it happens that a
woman gets attached and the man just
leaves and she ends up heartbroken.
That's why I keep telling you wait to be
really intimate with someone, whatever
that means to you. Kissing, sleeping
with someone, petting, wait as long as
you can. Minimum 3 to 6 months minimum.
Okay? And if you think that you need to
sleep with him just to keep him
interested, then first of all, that's
what makes him actually lose interest.
And second of all, if he really does not
want you because you don't want to sleep
with him, congratulations.
You got rid of a player that just wanted
to use you for your body. Number eight,
a high value woman does not tolerate
disrespect. not the one that is obvious
and not the one that is a little bit
more subtle and seems innocent.
You do not allow no disrespect
at all. And this includes chokes at your
expense, flakiness, little or poor
effort or emotional neglect. The thing
is that disrespect is very individual
and maybe you feel disrespected by
different things than I do. But the most
important thing is that whenever you
feel uncomfortable, you speak it out,
you immediately set your boundary.
Whatever doesn't feel right or sit right
with you, you make the boundary. You set
the boundary and the standard calmly,
you say, "I don't like the way you talk
to me. I don't like this tone. I don't
like X, Y, and Z. This is not something
I appreciate in men. This is not
something I see my future with. That's
it. And if he continues doing that same
thing, you leave. Number nine, a high
value woman is never competing with
other women. If for some reason his ex
comes up, you do not badmouth his ex.
You do not gossip about any other girls
around you. Whenever you see a woman,
you appreciate her for her beauty, for
her charm. That exactly makes him feel
like, "Wow, she's so confident. She has
so much assurance in herself. She's not
threatened by another woman. Because
whenever you do that, whenever you do
gossip, whenever you do talk down on
another woman or be almost like
intimidated by her, that gives him a
signal that you do not value yourself
and that you're actually not that great
like he thought you would be. So, you're
actually again lowering your perceived
value. And let's be clear, a high value
woman does not need to put down other
women because she's confident enough to
keep herself high, to keep herself in
such good regards that she knows this
woman is great, this woman is beautiful,
but I'm beautiful too. So whenever you
see another woman, instead of competing
with her internally in your head, think
about what does this woman have that
makes her so great? Why does she look so
amazing? And then compliment her on
that. Wow, babe, you look amazing. Your
hair look amazing. I love your outfit.
Oh, wow. These shoes are amazing. Can I
get to know where you got them from?
Always be on her side. You, as woman,
you need to always stick together. Okay.
And number 10, the most important point,
a high value woman never ever loses
herself in a relationship. You never
abandon your friends. You never abandon
your hobbies. You never abandon your
ambitions. Your world does not revolve
around being with this man or any man.
Okay? Men are just the cherry on top
that come into your life to make your
life even better and easier. If it's not
the case, you are fine with walking
away. You are fine with cutting him off.
You are fine with being single and by
yourself for a while. And he knows that.
A man that knows that you can walk away
at any given time. He will be obsessed
with you and he will cherish you the way
you want to be cherished because he
doesn't want to lose you. As a high
value woman, you always maintain your
full life. That's why it's so important
that you also have your own income. You
have your own money. You have your own
support system. You have your full life
that you can live comfortably and happy
by yourself. And when a man comes, it
just gets better. And if it doesn't get
better again, you have no issues to say
it was nice to meet you. Goodbye.
Anyways, I hope this could help. Thank
you so much for watching and I see you
in my next video. Bye-bye.